app-interact/lab/os-cloud: Explain virtualisation and containers #143 (#286)
open-education-hub/operating-systems: content/chapters/app-interact/lab/content/os-cloud.md

In this section we are going to build a "toy cloud" called `OS Cloud`.
Similar to a real cloud (like `aws`), `OS Cloud` will allow us to create and manage virtual machines, through an `http` API.

## Containers vs VMs

Containers are a lightweight virtualization technology that allows multiple isolated user-space instances to run on a single host operating system.

> They are often compared to chroots because they both provide isolated environments for running applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are often compared to [`chroot`](https://linux.die.net/man/1/chroot) because they both provide isolated environments for running applications.
```

> However, containers take this isolation a step further by using kernel features such as namespaces and cgroups to provide a more complete and secure isolation of resources.

Reviewer: Go into a bit of detail regarding cgroups and namespaces. You can draw inspiration from these resources and place them in the text as further reading:
- https://www.nginx.com/blog/what-are-namespaces-cgroups-how-do-they-work/
- https://www.baeldung.com/linux/cgroups-and-namespaces

Reviewer 2: This is the shit for `namespaces`:
- https://blog.quarkslab.com/digging-into-linux-namespaces-part-1.html
